Answers:
1:
Guido van Rossum developed python programmin language.

2:
Python supports Object-oriented programming and Structured pragramming.

3:
Yes, python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers.

4:
 .py  is the correct extension of python file.

5:
Python is an interpreted language.

6:
indentations are used to define a block of code in python. Eg-
if(a>b):
    print a
else:
    print b
    
7:
# is used to give single line comments in python.

8:
import sys
print("User Current Version:-", sys.version)

this will give the function of python

9:
lambda

10:
pip = 'preferred installer program' in python.

11:
some built-in functions of python are-  max(), min(), print(), range(), etc.

12:
maximum possible length of identifier in python is = 79.

13:
Some key benifits of learning python are-
Data science.
Scientific and mathematical computing.
Web development.
System automation and administration.
Computer graphics.
Basic game development.

14:
Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager.

15:
To install python on windows-
Step 1: Download the Python Installer binaries.
    > Open the official Python website in your web browser. Navigate to the Downloads tab for Windows.
    > Choose the latest Python 3 release. In our example, we choose the latest Python 3.7.3 version.
    > Click on the link to download Windows x86 executable installer if you are using a 32-bit installer. In case 
      your Windows installation is a 64-bit system, then download Windows x86-64 executable installer.
   
Step 2: Run the Executable Installer.
    > Once the installer is downloaded, run the Python installer.
    > Check the Install launcher for all users check box. Further, you may check the Add Python 3.7 to path check 
      box to include the interpreter in the execution path.
    > Select Customize installation. Choose the optional features by checking the following check boxes:
        - Documentation
        - pip
        - tcl/tk and IDLE (to install tkinter and IDLE)
        - Python test suite (to install the standard library test suite of Python)
        - Install the global launcher for `.py` files. This makes it easier to start Python
        - Install for all users.
    > Once the installation is over, you will see a Python Setup Successful window.

To add Python to PATH variable in Windows -
1. Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
2. Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
3. Clicking on the Environment Variables button on the bottom right.
4. In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show   
   all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
5. Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.


16:
Yes indentation is required in python.